that'll be here now Lin don't you think
you should let bygones be bygones
no if I give in to her on this the
game's over she's one nut she can take a
taxi I am NOT driving her in so when is
the baby June Oh sorrow sometime girls
didn't have the courtesy to tell me when
exactly so I'll see to it I said love I
said pick I said pick I said love I said
I have got better things to do with my
life than sit by the phone all day
waiting for your waters to burst
Arlene don't you think you've been just
a teeny little bit unfair don't you snap
my head off Carl all I'm saying it is
their first baby oh oh I see once again
I'm in the wrong I'm the bitch of the
piece Am I let's not forget who started
this whole business caramel who was it
now who was it who in 1978 kept me
waiting on the doorstep for three quarts
of an hour while she was swirling around
inside having an epileptic fit
a mother doesn't forget those things
easily karma of course you're right I've
forgotten aptly yes well perhaps you can
bear that in mind before you so
viciously attacked me next time how does
she know what to expect
I've always been very frank with her
caramel I said love I said Peter sandpit
also love please please try and
understand childbirth is not some big
mystical thing it's just hours and hours
of excruciating agony with no relief but
when you see that smile of your little
baby at the end of it all it makes you
realise that all that pain and suffering
was for nothing